#summary Some random ideas about how to do certain things, what we need or something else
#labels Phase-Requirements



= Packet capture options =


We would like to have more than one packet capture method so we can compare implementations or swith between them at will.

===1- Tcpdum.===
We still have the prototype version of the capturer method, but once we get some updates into the knocking sequence we must update or remove it.

===2- Libpcap.===
There is a managed libpacp library wrapper called [http://www.chrishowie.com/pcap-sharp/ libpcap-sharp] that looks like it can do the job. We must try it.

===3- Iptables targets===
There are some targets that logs packets from the firewall so we can work with them in user-space:

*3.1- ULOG:*
It can multicast the packets to userspace throught a netlink socket. The userspace processes can subscribe and receive the packets. This is how our daemon can get the packets and analize it. 
This target has the advantage that we can control the packets logged with rules so we can reduce the global amount of packets that the daemon has to process and then have a better performance.
There is a userspace tool called ulogd to log the packets to a text file or a database.

*3.2- NFQUEUE:*
This requires a newer kernel and is an extension of the QUEUE target. Allows to put the packets to a queue identified by a 16-bit number. This looks like the same that ULOG but the options of the target are different.
I think that once we have the ULOG target we should try this too. But we need to develop the userspace tool to read the packets directly from netlink socket; maybe we will need a glue c library that does the work and a c# wrapper. 
There is also a utility library to help when working with netlink sockets called libnl that is included in the distros (fc6 comes with 1.0pre5) and that can simplify the task.

*3.3- QUEUE:*
Don't ask me, but i vaguely remember have read something about that this was deprecated due that with NFQUEUE we have support for ipv6 (and ipv4) and with QUEUE we only have ipv4.



= Knocking sequence =

Currently, the knocking sequence is a set of random udp ports in the target machine with the number of knock sequence in the payload of the packet with no encryption.
We must set privacy policies for packet sending to make them difficult to read and make the knocking attempt difficult to detect.

There are some ideas for this:

1- Send only one packet with the data encrypted (can use public key from the server).

2- Add more packet types to send: UDP, TCP, ICMP.

3- Introduce in the sequence description aleatory packet points where a random number of packets with random payloads are sent to the server. This will cause the sequence to look more random.

4- Detect replay attempts. The sequences can be used more than one time, but each time we need to have something that makes any difference with the previous or anyone capturing traffic will access the system.
Maybe we should ban sequences, but that converts it in a good way of doing DOS attacks to users.

5- Annonymization of sender ip. But this is how we identify who is sending a knocking sequence.

6- Each time a user completes a knocking sequence a session must be started so all the traffic from that user will get into the server throught authorized ports, but after a time of inactivity the session must be deleted.

7- Send packets throught annonymous proxies. This needs additional information in the packet to know who is sending it.

8- Detect brute force attacks and ban attackers.

9- Give sequences and users and id that will identify them and maybe a pin code to add a little more security

