#labels Featured
#Recent news about the project

= Introduction =

Here you will find the latest news of this project


= News =

=== 01/01/2008 ===

*Goodbye and hello*

We have been so busy fighting our current problems in our daily life that we had very little time (sadly) to work in the project. So the decision is taken, we are getting out of the open source contest held in the University of Seville, good luck to all the great projects there.

We want to note that we are not a dead project, but we are working very slowly.

Finally we are also proud to announce our inclusion in the list of server applications in the mono project's page:
http://www.mono-project.com/Software

Sadly none of us noticed it until today, thanks for it mono-guys!

Regards, 

The sharpknocking project team.

=== 11/01/2008 ===

*The second open source contest for students in the university of seville*

We have been very busy lately but we are managing to get some free time to spent again in the project.

We, the sharpknocking team, are proud to be again in this contest where we get to the
final phase the past year with a lot of illusion and ideas but with not too much free time.

You can follow the contest throught the page (spanish): [http://concurso-softwarelibre.us.es/ II Concurso Universitario de software libre]

You can also track our project blog (spanish again): [http://projects.ilikecoffee.net/sharpknocking sharpknocking blog]

You can subscribe to our mailing list (feel free to use spanish or english when posting): [http://mail.ilikecoffee.net/mailman/listinfo/sharpknocking-devel_ilikecoffee.net sharpknocking-devel]

Regards.

The sharpknocking project team.

=== 8/11/2007 ===

*Project blog up*

Since yesterday the blog activity got restored.

The guilty is the spammers that send it using talkback links to the blog.

Dammed spammers!

=== 6/11/2007 ===

*Project blog down*

This Sunday morning i discovered that our blog only prints this when it is accessed:

_ JAWS Fatal Error:_
_Failed to fetch enabled data for registry_

We still don't know the causes for this but we will recover it soon.

Regards.

=== 31/10/2007 ===

*We are back!*

After an entire summer full of work and exams we are back with with renewed ideas and code. This year we have submitted again our project to take part in the "Concurso Universitario de Software Libre".

So from now we are going to publish in this page the main news about this project and progress report.

Regards.